Chen Yang, Sister Wei
Mother-in-law will stay in my room these two days
Just in time to recuperate
It will get better in about 3 days.
Also, why are you being hunted down?
Who are they?
Hey, they are our competitors.
Donghai Zhoujia, the ruler of Dingsheng Pharmaceutical
The Zhou family again
Zhou family, you and this Zhou family
Are you familiar?
Wait until you have a chance to meet the Zhou family
You'll know what's going on
Do you want to wash up first after your busy day?
Then I'm going to take a shower first
Mei Jie
Hey, what's the matter, Xiao Yang, this dress
It's a little small, and is it bigger?
A little small, I'll go
Say what you want
Can't you see it?
Who is not lucky to marry you?
Hey, Sister Mei, stop talking.
Well then tomorrow you go to the market with me
Let's see if there is any suitable one.
It's not good for me to go.
Hmm so
I'm going to recruit that kid to accompany you
I saw him grab a dozen by himself yesterday
I guess the breakup shouldn't be too bad.